feat: authz-keycloak plugin support redirect not authorized user (#6485)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/authz-keycloak.md

| keepalive                      | boolean       | optional    | true                                          |                                                                    | Enable HTTP keep-alive to keep connections open after use. Set to `true` if you expect a lot of requests to Keycloak.                                       |
| keepalive_timeout              | integer       | optional    | 60000                                         | positive integer >= 1000                                           | Idle timeout after which established HTTP connections will be closed.                                                                                       |
| keepalive_pool                 | integer       | optional    | 5                                             | positive integer >= 1                                              | Maximum number of connections in the connection pool.                                                                                                       |

> | access_denied_redirect_uri     | string        | optional    |                                               | [1, 2048]                                              | Uri redirected when access fails.|

Reviewer: Better to align the `|`

> | access_denied_redirect_uri     | string        | optional    |                                               | [1, 2048]                                              | Uri redirected when access fails.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| access_denied_redirect_uri     | string        | optional    |                                               | [1, 2048]                                              | Redirect not authorized user with the given uri like "http://127.0.0.1/test", instead of returning `"error_description":"not_authorized"`. |
```

> | access_denied_redirect_uri     | string        | optional    |                                               | [1, 2048]                                          | Redirect not authorized user with the given uri like "http://127.0.0.1/test", instead of returning `"error_description":"not_authorized"`.                                             |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| access_denied_redirect_uri     | string        | optional    |                                               | [1, 2048]                                          | Redirect unauthorized user with the given uri like "http://127.0.0.1/test", instead of returning `"error_description":"not_authorized"`.                                             |
```

| keepalive                      | boolean       | optional    | true                                          |                                                                    | Enable HTTP keep-alive to keep connections open after use. Set to `true` if you expect a lot of requests to Keycloak.                                       |
| keepalive_timeout              | integer       | optional    | 60000                                         | positive integer >= 1000                                           | Idle timeout after which established HTTP connections will be closed.                                                                                       |
| keepalive_pool                 | integer       | optional    | 5                                             | positive integer >= 1                                              | Maximum number of connections in the connection pool.                                                                                                       |

> | keepalive_pool                 | integer       | optional    | 5                                             | positive integer >= 1                                              | Maximum number of connections in the connection pool.                                                                                                       |

Reviewer 2: Duplicate?
